so forget the redbull of the Rockstar
give your brain a boost by popping a
piece of gum we're going to show you
what's all the buzz at Stanford
University
well lots of see if it really lives up
to the claims how would you like to feel
more alert and boost your memory to a
Stanford grad student says he has
invented the solution NBC Bay Area's
medical reporter Mary Ann Faro has
something for us to chew on it's a thing
come Berrien that's right and this is
what it looks like Tom Bay Area college
students who chew it's where it helps
them stay more alert and remember more
when they're taking exams all gum is
created equal think again because now
there's think gum Daniel Rosenblatt has
been an avid gum chewer since middle
school and he says this gum is different
it helps me focus chewing gums always
help me focus maybe the odd ingredient
of caffeine is a little bit better than
some of the other some of the other gums
that I've had Stanford grad student Matt
Davidson came up with the idea what I
would do is actually buy peppermint gum
and put rosemary and my gum and just
chew it during exams so I did pretty
well and so after I graduated I thought
that this would be a great product for
other students to help them with school
I think on the sugar-free and has a
little caffeine Davidson researched the
other ingredients including guarana and
gingko biloba gingko biloba can speed
short-term working memory but San Jose
State nutrition professor dr. Marjorie
Friedman considers the memory boost
claim a stinging point one of the issues
is getting the active ingredients in
this gum into your bloodstream
ultimately to your brain works going to
have any effect damage an instant's the
ingredients and think um can provide
memory benefits and he's planning
clinical trials to prove it
gum is a hot seller on the Stanford
campus especially during midterms and
finals but now the sales have gone
international and that has had so many
requests you have a place
their order for a million more packets
Daniel says you choose that down five
times a day and is convinced it helped
him do better on a grad school entrance
exam he says think Dom offers a
competitive edge worth sinking your
teeth into research indicates that if
you're exposed to peppermint while
studying being exposed to the same smelt
during an exam may trigger some memories
from a study session so that may be why
think gum works because often students
are not allowed to bring sodas or coffee
into an exam they like thank them
because they are allowed to chew gum
during tests of course no matter how
much of this gun that you to you still
have to study it's not gonna make you an
stein overnight to learn more about
think I'm go to NBC 11 comm and click on
help Jessica Tom